Hello good Morning
Let's do a little
villarreal and one
as useful
a sony ericsson almost 100
as a remote control baghdad
desktop pc
there we do have
a device
these practices
interconnect
the computer
from the model
companies
allow me
the power
smith in power
use
the sony ericsson
as a remote control for you
on the other hand
for one hundrerd
in this particular model
S.I.G
we go to the grain
in the entertainment section
we see that one of the options
is the remote control and I speak tuzo
until we select
and it tells us if we want efe
use it against the promoter a presentation of
theoretically powerpoint
If we want it, what we want to do is
the remote control of edet windows media player or if we want to control
remotely the writer
let's do a test with the described remote control
we explain on the desktop remote
and it does not come out
percent the combination
we allow for access
we allow access
espionage always allow
and once again he admitted that it's that for the 'flu' mobile phone tubes
after brutus from a desktop PC
let's see
what with p
keys 2 and 8 we go up and down the 4 and 6 we go to the sides although
you do not believe them the three is the pta
i percent the 7 is the f10
and by the winds is for
power in the stations that we have asia pere installed
what yes said pat av address also if we look we can see the
cursor we are going to
I do not know if you appreciate it but right now we're
moving the pointer
mouse
beside
with the mobile phone
towards peace and work
Kirchner are not only excellent fifths
where the doctor
cobos de abril efe mozilla firefox
let's try to play the video package we have
in the part
right
of the uex of internauts television
and we see how
we have placed with video closing without touching
and the mouse and keyboard leaves your pc simply with our mobile phone
this
It has been all I hope you liked the devastation and amx
few days I hope
power by the way to liza new
eye presentations
ovidio chaste
little left
how the mobile phone interacts
coon percent ipc desktop
interpeñas vero be able to do some sport
videocast of costs that acted mobile phone specifically from the
company I say with him is macbook laptop
a pleasure I hope you like or block and until next time